hello and welcome to no recipe required
hope you're doing well I'm Dave tonight
I'm going to do a steak for you again
I love cooking steaks I love cooking
steaks at home it's not just to go out
thing a lot of people nervous about it
but there's no reason to be I've got a
New York here what I'm going to do is
obviously cook it off sear it off I like
mine nicely medium medium rare probably
the unique thing what I'm going to do
special is do a blue cheese sauce or a
gorgonzola sauce I've had in restaurants
we're going to replicate it at home
super tasty let's uh let's go ahead and
get started okay guys so first thing
we're going to do for our blue cheese
dressing our blue cheese sauce I should
say for our steak for our New York Strip
is make our make our sauce I've got a I
call that maybe a tablespoon almost a
tablespoon of butter and I just left
this out on the counter to soften up a
little bit and then I'm going to add the
same amount of blue cheese now what I do
I don't like to use the whole blue
cheese or just blue cheese I like to cut
it with a little bit of butter butter
brings its own you know obviously great
flavor for it and I think you know just
a full blue cheese also gets frankly a
little bit a little bit strong for me
you can use any kind of blue cheese you
want I prefer the softer creamier blue
cheeses as opposed to the other crumbly
stuff so you know Roquefort is that is
awesome
gorgonzola is awesome as well and then
I'm also going to add a good tablespoon
of parsley it's that simple then you
know just with a fork and this is why I
let it get soft this becomes much easier
I just kind of mix it all together mash
it together to form a nice paste
I find you need you know probably 2
tablespoons 2 to 3 tablespoons per per
New York Strip that you're going to do
obviously this uh this technique goes
great with almost any steak once you get
it just kind of mix together you can
just pop it back in the fridge or if
you're going to use it
typically soon you know leave it out
that's totally fine if you're going to
store this long-term you know you can do
this easily days ahead of time you can
do it weeks ahead of time if you freeze
it you can just kind of take take this
out dump it on a little piece of plastic
wrap and roll it up just like like you
would a cigar and then you can just pop
that right in the fridge right into the
into the freezer and keep it you know at
least a month or so in the freezer okay
let's go ahead and cook off our New York
Strip with the gorgonzola butter blue
cheese butter I've got a smokin hot pan
here you want to use you know the
thickest thickest one you got and really
really good smoking hot I've greased up
or just put a little olive oil salt and
pepper on my steak I'm going to lay it
down let it sear I'm not going to touch
it not going to mess with it just let it
do its thing once we flip it over we'll
add on the the blue cheese butter throw
it in the oven let it finish off and and
we'll be done okay my New York's been
going for about five minutes
high heat haven't touched it but I can
start seeing signs that it's ready to
flip you know the outside edges down
here I'm looking nice and crusty and
that's exactly what I'm looking for good
caramelization on that side so we're
going to flip it around if I cooked it
you know five minutes on that one side
I'm going to go two minutes on this side
then we're going to add the butter throw
in the oven to finish ok I've let my
steak now go I'm about two minutes the
other side I'd say I've got like three
minutes four minutes of total cooking
time left but I'm going to finish that
in a 402 the oven I think the entire pan
and put it right down in the oven here
I've got the the blue cheese butter that
we made earlier and I'm just going to
smear that right on top right along the
think of our New York Strip be nice and
generous with it and now you know some
of this is going to melt off and end up
in on the pan not a big deal though long
as you tame sound at it the flavors
going to seep in there and be absolutely
awesome I'm going to transfer this down
the oven to minutes we'll come back take
a look okay so I just popped my steak
out of the oven you can see that blue
cheese butter with the with parsley is
nicely melted you know you give it a
little test for doneness this one feels
right on just like all steaks this one
needs to rest a little bit so I'm going
to go ahead and move this off to a to
another plate let it just kind of sit
maybe in the middle of the oven
someplace nice and warm middle the oven
on top of the oven not in the oven and
then we serve it up in about five
minutes okay so here's our steak
beautifully rested I'm serving it with a
little asparagus I've got the the bleu
cheese crust or blue cheese butter on
top it's absolutely delicious hope you
make it at home let me know how it goes
and I'll see you next time on no recipe
required